Hi, guys.
Or come in this lecture, you go learn a lot of fancy data.
We going to be fetching the current logged in user data.
And also you go, Linda, that's a display that data are in the profile screen.
Okay.
Now in order to do this on the need to go back to our VSC code and then the profile screen.
Okay?
And now we can use control and B to make this wide.
First of all, we're going to need to combat this lest we get too excited for Jets because we're going
to be using the interstates and unassisted, which are not available in the state, less widgets.
So, all right, you're going to add light and then use control and dots and then culverts to state
forward jets.
Okay.
Now are going to fetch the user name first.
To do this over here, we can create a variable.
It's going to be a test is going to be a type of string.
And you can call this what is called name.
You can make invisible private.
So another to be able to mistakenly call this variable in another fly.
Okay, now we can start a semicolon.
Since we are not holding any value to hit at the moment, we are going to need to say it can't be.
No, that is its can't be empty.
Okay.
Can you just give some bits of space?
And over here, we're going to create a function.
And you want to call this function.
Get user data.
This is going to take some time.
So we're going to need to wait for it.
I know.
That's easy.
Wait.
You need to pass in the HiSeq or Via.
Okay.
Now, the next step Lebanon needs to do is we're going to need to go into this use as collection.
You can see this use as collection, as a folder.
We hold our documents or users are being stored.
Right.
Okay.
Now that we're going to need to see how it is.
First of all, we can study results in a variable quite.
User.
User data.
Then two weeks.
There's going to be five ways I think we as well have.
In the course directory.
We have this.
Firebase Store.
Okay, so we can just use that rainbow.
How each firebase store.
Dirt collection.
We're going to assess the user's collection.
Right.
Okay.
Now we are inside this user's directory.
Now you can see each user is connected by and Heidi.
Right.
So over here you're going to need to say dot dock then recognizes that user the current load these are
by saying firebase OTS which we also do have any hearts dots.
Chorus user dots you, Heidi.
Okay.
Now we have access to the car, a logged in user.
Now we just have to say is dots get okay.
Now you can see it wants us to specify the time.
It is going to be a type of document snapshots.
It is document snapshots because we are just getting a single user.
For example, if we want to fetch all our products, this is going to be known as is going to be query
snapshots.
Okay.
So since we are getting just a user is going to be a type of document snapshots.
Great.
Now we can dance states or value sets.
States.
And then we can then or this variable.
That says I want to add value now to this variable you can then see is equal to the user.
Detail does.
Get.
He's asking for the field.
The field is going to be.
We can use our name field.
Okay.
User name.
Great.
Now this is basically it.
Now, what's really done this is over year.
They're going to use in this state, which isn't in this state because we want this function to get
triggered immediately.
We visit this property page.
Okay.
So we're going to call that function called gets user data.
Great.
And now what we can then do is over this crossword, we can just have an eye by harbor.
Hubba.
And you know, it has the title and it says that we can just print out that.
Print out these and in the harbor by saying on this car name.
Okay.
Greats, not hearts.
We start this.
Well, she starts.
It's gonna take some time, okay?
You're going to need to wait for it to process.
And.
Wait for it.
Okay.
Now click on this.
For now it is.
Okay, great.
So you can see.
It was known at first and these are was displayed right away.
You can see that was why we needed to use this set state internets automatically refresh or reveal state
that we should get rid of this and this.
You're going to get some heroes because at that time, it was going to be.
No.
Right.
Okay.
So we're just gonna do this.
Okay, okay.
Okay.
Click on this.
You can see it is law.
Most of the time you are just going to get an error.
So what we can do is we can all do this.
Okay.
Now, so in order to get the email address, you can as well just create this strange Web card and this
code name for this car email.
So there is in this email because we don't want you mistakenly being able to refer to this.
Okay.
So what we can do is we can see this car.
Email.
Now we don't really need the user this we don't really need this get because the for it's the sign in
mentor it is user the assignment of this email and password.
This is just an extra field so what are urging us to do that so you can just see user data.
Dots.
I think there's going to be dogs.
User data.
Okay.
We can't just say he's a dictator.
That gets okay as well.
Email.
Okay.
As well.
You can display it and.
You can also have four.
The full name image Jarrell use email for name, image, area and order.
So this basically it's allowed to fetch data.
So first of all, what we did is we needed to convert this to state that to sit for widgets.
Right.
And the reason for this is because we are going to be using the.
In his state.
Right.
And the state I which I said it is not available in the stimulus budget.
So we needed to use this pitiful budget in order to have access to the enlisted property and this tested
property.
So what we first did is we created a verbal code name, which we said, which we said it can't be.
No.
The reason for this is because we are currently not assigning any value to this.
We are currently not doing it like this.
Right.
So we are saying it can't be null for now.
Okay then over here.
We created a function called gets user data is going to take some time.
It's going to be it is a future.
It's going to take some time.
So we are using the async and the value.
We are waiting for it.
And over here we created a variable called user data to store the value and the value we needed to specify
the type that it is a type of document snapshot.
Like I said, when you want to fetch a just you just the document is going to be known as document snapshots.
When the case of fetching all our products from the database is going to be the query snapshot that
says we also need to look over each product.
Right.
Okay.
And over here we are saying collections.
Collections, that is the user collection wants have access to where all our users are stored.
And remember every user has the uid.
That's the link between.
The use this collection and this.
So in order to assess each user, we need to first assess the UID.
You can see it is more like a blockage, right?
So it is this step, this step and this step.
Right.
So that was that is what we are basically doing.
NOBLE Yeah, we are using the states and are yeah, we called that variable we created and now we are
signing a value to it.
Okay.
So this basically an out of fish user data.
Like I said, you're going to need to watch this video up to five times in order for you to master the
code and be able to do it yourself.
Okay.
If we don't see on the sound you can do LA will do well to let me know.
Then I will try my best to explain more the part for you.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see it in this picture.